docs/git-guide.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
# Matho's Home Assistant Configuration
<div>
  <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant">
    <img src="../images/mark-matheson-digital-business-consultant.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Bugs][bugs-shield]][bugs-url]
[![Feature Requests][features-shield]][features-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
<br/>
![Project Complete](https://img.shields.io/badge/Complete%3F-No-red)
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![GitHub Last Commit][last-commit-shield]][commits]
<!--
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
-->


<!-- PROJECT SHORT DESCRIPTION AND MENU -->
  <p>
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement">Request Feature</a>
    ·
    <a href="/docs/git-guide.md">Git Guide</a>
    ·
    <a href="/CHANGELOG.md">ChangeLog</a>
  </p>
</div>




<!-- GIT GUIDE -->
## Git Guide
### Change Log
From within the Home Assistant folder, run the following: -

```bash
changelog generate
```



### Usage

To get the most benefit out of the ChangeLog module, the commit messages have to be in this format:

```
type(category): description [flags]
```

Where `type` is one of the following:

* `breaking`
* `build`
* `ci`
* `chore`
* `docs`
* `feat`
* `fix`
* `other`
* `perf`
* `refactor`
* `revert`
* `style`
* `test`

Where `flags` is an optional comma-separated list of one or more of the following (must be surrounded in square brackets):

* `breaking`: alters `type` to be a breaking change

And `category` can be anything of your choice. If you use a type not found in the list (but it still follows the same format of the message), it'll be grouped under `other`.



### Project Git Guide

The types I am standardising on for this project are as follows: -

* `docs`
  * All changes to the README, GIT-GUIDE and CHANGELOG documents
* `fix`
  * Any issue tagged as 'bug' along with any code changes that fix a bug
* `feat`
  * Any issue tagged as 'feature request' along with any code changes that add a new feature
* `chore`
  * Any changes like system updates, adding images or untracked files
* `other`
  * Any other changes not covered by the above

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- RESOURCES -->
## Resources
This is currently just a dumping ground for git recources that I have found.

<ul>
<li>https://herewecode.io/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-git-how-to-write-a-good-commit-message/</li>
<li>https://herewecode.io/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-git-what-is-a-changelog-and-how-to-generate-it/</li>
<li>https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/</li>
<li>https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/</li>
<li>https://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/</li>
</ul>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact
! **Name** | **Handle** | **Link**
| :--- | :--- | :---
| Mark Matheson | @nzrunner | https://twitter.com/nzrunner
| Project Link | | https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

### Home Assistant
| **Description** | **Link**
| :--- | :---
| IOS Theme - The theme I use | https://github.com/basnijholt/lovelace-ios-themes/
| A really well documented Home Assistant configuration | https://github.com/basnijholt/home-assistant-config
| Swakes - Home Assistant gave me some design inspiration | https://github.com/pqpxo/SWAKES_hassio
| Metbril's Home Assistant Configuration - Review Github workflow actions | https://github.com/metbril/home-assistant-config
| Good source for Lovelace CCS variables, particularly colors | https://github.com/chipriley/lovelace-css-values/blob/master/known_css_refs.md

### General
| **Description** | **Link**
| :--- | :---
| A great tool for generating funky text file headers | https://patorjk.com/software/taag/#p=display&c=bash&f=Standard&t=configuration
| Make cool shields | https://shields.io/
| SVG Logos for popular brands to use with shields | https://simpleicons.org/
| The base for this README | https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template
| Choose an open source license | https://choosealicense.com/

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/stargazers
[bugs-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/nzrunner/home-assistant?style=for-the-badge&label=Bugs&query=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3Abug
[bugs-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug
[features-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/nzrunner/home-assistant?style=for-the-badge&label=Feature%20Requests&query=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3Aenhancement
[features-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/nzrunner
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/commits/master
[last-commit-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg
[product-screenshot]: images/home-assistant.png
[Hass.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Home%20Assistant-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=#41BDF5
[Hass-url]: https://www.home-assistant.io/
<!--
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com 
-->

Commit message:

docs(GIT_GUIDE): Update Contributing section

docs/git-guide.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>
<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
# Matho's Home Assistant Configuration
<div>
  <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant">
    <img src="../images/mark-matheson-digital-business-consultant.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Bugs][bugs-shield]][bugs-url]
[![Feature Requests][features-shield]][features-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
<br/>
![Project Complete](https://img.shields.io/badge/Complete%3F-No-red)
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![GitHub Last Commit][last-commit-shield]][commits]
<!--
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
-->


<!-- PROJECT SHORT DESCRIPTION AND MENU -->
  <p>
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement">Request Feature</a>
    ·
    <a href="/docs/git-guide.md">Git Guide</a>
    ·
    <a href="/CHANGELOG.md">ChangeLog</a>
  </p>
</div>




<!-- GIT GUIDE -->
## Git Guide
### Change Log
From within the Home Assistant folder, run the following: -

```bash
changelog generate
```



### Usage

To get the most benefit out of the ChangeLog module, the commit messages have to be in this format:

```
type(category): description [flags]
```

Where `type` is one of the following:

* `breaking`
* `build`
* `ci`
* `chore`
* `docs`
* `feat`
* `fix`
* `other`
* `perf`
* `refactor`
* `revert`
* `style`
* `test`

Where `flags` is an optional comma-separated list of one or more of the following (must be surrounded in square brackets):

* `breaking`: alters `type` to be a breaking change

And `category` can be anything of your choice. If you use a type not found in the list (but it still follows the same format of the message), it'll be grouped under `other`.



### Project Git Guide

The types I am standardising on for this project are as follows: -

* `docs`
  * All changes to the README, GIT-GUIDE and CHANGELOG documents
* `fix`
  * Any issue tagged as 'bug' along with any code changes that fix a bug
* `feat`
  * Any issue tagged as 'feature request' along with any code changes that add a new feature
* `chore`
  * Any changes like system updates, adding images or untracked files
* `other`
  * Any other changes not covered by the above

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- RESOURCES -->
## Resources
This is currently just a dumping ground for git recources that I have found.

<ul>
<li>https://herewecode.io/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-git-how-to-write-a-good-commit-message/</li>
<li>https://herewecode.io/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-git-what-is-a-changelog-and-how-to-generate-it/</li>
<li>https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/</li>
<li>https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/</li>
<li>https://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/</li>
</ul>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! Any contribution you make will be reflected on [https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant](https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant) :sparkles:.

Read our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to keep our community approachable and respectable.

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact
! **Name** | **Handle** | **Link**
| :--- | :--- | :---
| Mark Matheson | @nzrunner | https://twitter.com/nzrunner
| Project Link | | https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

### Home Assistant
| **Description** | **Link**
| :--- | :---
| IOS Theme - The theme I use | https://github.com/basnijholt/lovelace-ios-themes/
| A really well documented Home Assistant configuration | https://github.com/basnijholt/home-assistant-config
| Swakes - Home Assistant gave me some design inspiration | https://github.com/pqpxo/SWAKES_hassio
| Metbril's Home Assistant Configuration - Review Github workflow actions | https://github.com/metbril/home-assistant-config
| Good source for Lovelace CCS variables, particularly colors | https://github.com/chipriley/lovelace-css-values/blob/master/known_css_refs.md

### General
| **Description** | **Link**
| :--- | :---
| A great tool for generating funky text file headers | https://patorjk.com/software/taag/#p=display&c=bash&f=Standard&t=configuration
| Make cool shields | https://shields.io/
| SVG Logos for popular brands to use with shields | https://simpleicons.org/
| The base for this README | https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template
| Choose an open source license | https://choosealicense.com/

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/stargazers
[bugs-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/nzrunner/home-assistant?style=for-the-badge&label=Bugs&query=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3Abug
[bugs-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug
[features-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/nzrunner/home-assistant?style=for-the-badge&label=Feature%20Requests&query=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3Aenhancement
[features-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aenhancement
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/nzrunner
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/nzrunner/home-assistant/commits/master
[last-commit-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/nzrunner/home-assistant.svg
[product-screenshot]: images/home-assistant.png
[Hass.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Home%20Assistant-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=home-assistant&logoColor=#41BDF5
[Hass-url]: https://www.home-assistant.io/
<!--
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com 
-->
